
h1. The AS3CoreLib Sprout Gem

	AS3Corelib ActionScript 3 source wrapped in a Sprout::Specification for implementation into a sprout project and Gem::Specification for distribution as a gem.
	
	This sprout gem will download the as3corelib zip and make the included assets available to your flashsdk/sprout project. Assets are made available in the lib/as3corelib directory.
	
	The version of this gem corresponds directly to the version of as3corelib as can be found on "the original project":http://github.com/mikechambers/as3corelib. There are multiple versions of as3corelib available as sprout gems, see the tags list associated with the sprout-as3corelib project.
	
h3. Installation

See information concerning Project Sprouts here: 
	* "http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts" http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts
	* "http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk" http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk

Add the AS3Corelib gem to your Gemfile:

	<pre><code>gem "as3corelib", "0.93.0"		# Swap the version number with whichever desired version.</code></pre>

Add the library dependency to your Rakefile:

	<pre><code>library :as3corelib</code></pre>

Enter this shell command to resolve gem dependency: 

	<pre><code>$ bundle install</code></pre>

h3. Ruby Gem

The gem can be installed independently of a project entering this command:

	<pre><code>$ gem install as3corelib</code></pre>
	
h3. Available assets

	The gem provides the following options for how to include the library in your project. 

	<pre><code>library :as3corelib				# => (default) will include the swc at lib/as3corelib</code></pre>

	<pre><code>library :as3corelib, :swc		# => will include the swc at lib/as3corelib</code></pre>

	<pre><code>library :as3corelib, :src		# => will include the source code at lib/as3corelib</code></pre>

	<pre><code>library :as3corelib, :docs		# => will include the asdoc files at lib/as3corelib</code></pre>
	
	<pre><code>library :as3corelib, :all		# => will include all available files at lib/as3corelib</code></pre>

h3. Additional links

* "AS3CoreLib on GitHub":http://github.com/mikechambers/as3corelib
* "Sprouts Site":http://projectsprouts.org
* "Sprouts on Github":http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts
* "flashsdk sprout on Github":http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk
* "Sprouts Community":http://groups.google.com/group/projectsprouts

h3. AS3CoreLib README

An ActionScript 3 Library that contains a number of classes and utilities for working with ActionScript? 3. These include classes for MD5 and SHA 1 hashing, Image encoders, and JSON serialization as well as general String, Number and Date APIs.

Code is released under a BSD License:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php

Copyright (c) 2008, Adobe Systems Incorporated
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Adobe Systems Incorporated nor the names of its 
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.